---
title: Cefla
description: Brand identity and application design for personalised meditation service.
skills:
  - Brand identity
  - User experience design
year: 2019
---

## Some experience made in-house

Cefla has long been highly regarded for its approach to human-centered design, placing the end-user and project stakeholders at the center of the design process. This was particularly successful for our client Cefla when half of the Design team temporarily relocated to Rome to create lo-fi prototypes with stakeholders and users — the very same audience of the app we were designing. These users (and Plan staff) directly influenced the design, typography, and color palette choices we made early on in the design process.

{% include video.html video="cefla-1" full=true caption="Example of caption" %}

At the start of my short ten-day engagement, I proposed three possible design directions. Based on the discussion and feedback these generated, I was able to create a logo and associated brand collateral and UI.

*[UI]: User Interface

{% include stats.html label-1="People involved" value-1="13+" label-2="Custom components" value-2="100+" label-3="Project duration" value-3="1 year" %}

As well as envisage the design of an Android[^1] app that could bring Rifa’s unique style and flexible learning programme to a global audience.

[^1]: Google mobile operating system

{% include image.html image="cefla-1" full=true alt="Example of caption" %}

## Digital experience reimanaged

Through Refigure[^2], Rifa-Thorpe Tracey provides tailor-made mentoring and meditation services for individuals and teams, corporates and non-profits.

[^2]: A swiss award designer

{% include stats.html label-1="New features increase" value-1="+200%" label-2="Budget saved" value-2="€500.000K+" %}

{% include image.html image="cefla-2" full=true caption="Example of caption" alt="Example of caption" %}

At the heart of Refigure’s brand is the monogram[^3]. A scripted ‘r’ within a slanted oval, provides a personal touch to the company’s brand, subtly hinting at ideas of growth, renewal and continuous improvement.

[^3]: A monogram is a motif made by overlapping or combining two or more letters or other graphemes to form one symbol

{% include image.html image="cefla-3" full=true caption="Example of caption" alt="Example of caption" %}

A high contrast complementary palette of dark warm purple and a vibrant green gave the brand an energetic yet approachable feel, while a series of thematic icons primarily composed using a single line that drew inspiration from the scripted logo mark.

{% include video.html video="cefla-2" full=true caption="Example of caption" %}

The main problem of all mobile broker applications in the world is being overloaded with functions. The menu has a frightening number of buttons and users need to make several actions only to switch from one screen to another.

{% include video.html video="cefla-3" caption="Example of caption" %}

In the SIAE+ app the menu is replaced with a slider that is used to switch between main screens. This saves the user’s time (no longer do they have to carefully read the menu sub-items) and removes the endless nested pages.

{% include image.html image="cefla-4" full=true caption="Example of caption" alt="Example of caption" %}

### Tools beign used

{% include stats.html label-1="User Interface" value-1="Figma" label-2="User Experience" value-2="Mural" label-3="Comunications" value-3="Teams" label-4="Project management" value-4="Jira" %}