---
title: SIAE+
description: SIAE is the first collective management company of copyright in Italy. I collaborated with them in the creation of the first app SIAE+ that supports all the major services of the company.
client: SIAE
skills:
  - Product Design
  - Design System
  - User Experience
  - User Interface
  - Interaction Design
year: 2019
---

## Process

In this project, we used [Enterprise Design Thinking](https://www.ibm.com/design/thinking/) and Agile mindset approaches that help us systematically extract, teach, learn, and apply human-centered techniques to solve problems in a creative and innovative way, in our designs related business requirements. Read more about [software and tools](#software-and-tools) being used.

{% include stats.html label-1="Approach" value-1="Design Thinking & Agile" label-2="Duration" value-2="6-12 months" %}

{% include image.html image="siae+-0" full=true caption="An overview of User Flows, User Testing and more" %}

## Features

By installing it on your mobile device, the app offers you features like consult your SIAE position, view the payment status of the registration fees and your accrual, activate the electronic signature, create a new deposit and digitally sign the deposit declaration slips, multi-language, the possibility of forwarding requests for assistance or feedback directly via the app.

The two most complex features of the SIAE+ is the registration and the possibility of making a new deposit.

{% include image.html image="siae+-1" full=true %}

{% include image.html image="siae+-2" full=true %}

## Custumer reaction

During the first year, we received a lot of positive feedback on the first versions of the app, here’s a medium rating of Apple’s and Google’s stores:

{% include stats.html label-1="App Store" value-1="4.7+" label-2="Google Play" value-2="4.3+" %}

{% include image.html image="siae+-3" full=true caption="Data visualization and manipulation by user" %}

{% include image.html image="siae+-4" full=true caption="New deposit feature that guides the user using a wizard design pattern" %}

## Software and tools

Since the client is located in another city, we decided to collaborate entirely remotely. Mural allowed us to run workshops with stakeholders.

The complexity of the product was considerable and we needed more than one designer to collaborate in the creation of different flows of the prototypes and Figma allowed us to do so. 

All the product features were added to Jira, which enabled us to keep track of the entire project and keep multiple teams and stakeholders updated on the whole process.

{% include stats.html label-1="Prototyping" value-1="Figma" label-2="Workshops" value-2="Mural" label-3="Management" value-3="Jira" %}

{% include video.html video="siae+-1" full=true caption="An overview of final prototype" %}

## Team size

Several professional figures have been involved in this project:

{% include stats.html label-1="Designers" value-1="6" label-2="Engineers" value-2="4" label-3="Managers" value-3="2" label-4="QA’s" value-4="1" %}